document.all: explain replacement (#28234)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/document/all/index.md

other words, it returns all of the document's elements, accessible by order (like an
array) and by ID (like a regular object).

Rather than using `document.all` to return an {{DOMxRef("HTMLAllCollection")}} of all the document's elements in document order, you can use {{DOMxRef("Document.querySelectorAll")}} to return a {{DOMxRef("NodeList")}} of all the document's elements in document order:

```js

> const all = document.querySelectorAll("*");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const allElements = document.querySelectorAll("*");
```

other words, it returns all of the document's elements, accessible by order (like an
array) and by ID (like a regular object).

> You can use {{DOMxRef("Document.querySelectorAll")}} as a replacement for
> `document.all`. The following example returns a {{DOMxRef("NodeList")}}
> containing every element in the document:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rather than using `document.all` to return an {{DOMxRef("HTMLAllCollection")}} of all the document's elements in document order, you can use {{DOMxRef("Document.querySelectorAll")}} to return a {{DOMxRef("NodeList")}} of all the document's elements in document order:
```
